Add method to load secrets from SecretsManager (#40)
18F/identity-hostdata: README.md

# => "login.gov"
```

> Set configs from YML files in S3 orSSM

Reviewer: Minor: Typo

```suggestion
Set configs from YML files in S3 or SSM
```

```ruby
Identity::Hostdata.load_config!(
  app_root: Rails.root,
  rails_env: Rails.env
) do |builder|
  # YML
  builder.add(:some_option, type: :string)
  builder.add(:other_option, type: :json)

  # SSM

>   builder.add_ssm(:prop_name, 'ssm-name-goes-here', type: :string)

Reviewer: Idea: If all else is the same,  could we do something like this and key off `ssm_name` ?

```suggestion
  builder.add(:prop_name, ssm_name: 'ssm-name-goes-here', type: :string)
```

Author: I like this idea! will incorporate

# => "login.gov"
```

Set configs from YML files in S3 or Secrets Manager

```ruby
Identity::Hostdata.load_config!(
  app_root: Rails.root,
  rails_env: Rails.env
) do |builder|
  # YML
  builder.add(:some_option, type: :string)
  builder.add(:other_option, type: :json)

  # SSM

>   builder.add(:prop_name, secrets_manager_name: 'secrets-manager-name', type: :string)

Author: one issue with this, that I think @mitchellhenke had some ideas for also, is going to be per-env overrides, especially in local development.

In local dev, we don't have a SecretsManager instance we can connect to, so I'm going to need some syntax to override this.

We can probably leverage `Identity::Hostadata.in_datacenter?` somehow

Reviewer 2: I was getting at that a bit here because just instantiating is enough to make an AWS call: https://github.com/18F/identity-hostdata/compare/mitchellhenke/secrets-manager?expand=1#diff-140e6df2cf49cbef69cccfba89b6a0094b6478a832ec8c319502f51010f3239fR126

Author: Added a version in 325df6f607371ef651106116b001502f12ec997d

Reviewer 2: Does this support different keys per-environment? e.g. I want to fetch `dev/idp/database_password` from secrets manager for `dev`, and `mhenke/idp/database_password` for `mhenke`

Author: not currently, but we can always add that later. this will let us develop today with some breaking changes for the data warehouse
